README.md, before:

guacamole-auth-restrict
=======================

**guacamole-auth-restrict** is an authentication extension for [Apache
Guacamole](http://guacamole.apache.org/) which enforces additional restrictions
on users and the members of user groups. These restrictions may be specified
through either of two possible methods:

1. User attributes, which will be presented as fields within the user edit
   screen for users managed by extensions that support administration (such as
   the various database authentication extensions).
2. Membership within predefined, special user groups.

If defining restrictions via user attributes, the scope of the restrictions is
isolated to the objects within the extension storing those attributes.

If defining restrictions via group membership, keep in mind that **restrictions
will only take effect if membership in the relevant group is defined by the
backend authenticating the user**. This means that if users will be
authenticating against LDAP, it is not sufficient to associate those users with
the applicable group within a database backend like MySQL or PostgreSQL; they
must be added to an LDAP group with the same name.

Additional restrictions
-----------------------

Default group name | Attribute name | Description
------------------ | -------------- | -----------
`ReadOnlyUsers` | `addl-restrict-force-read-only` | Blocks interaction with all connections and connection groups. The name of the group may be overridden with the `read-only-group-name` property.

Commit message:

CTG-12: Allow multiple groups to be predefined for restrictions. Default to no restricted groups.

README.md, after:

guacamole-auth-restrict
=======================

**guacamole-auth-restrict** is an authentication extension for [Apache
Guacamole](http://guacamole.apache.org/) which enforces additional restrictions
on users and the members of user groups. These restrictions may be specified
through either of two possible methods:

1. User attributes, which will be presented as fields within the user edit
   screen for users managed by extensions that support administration (such as
   the various database authentication extensions).
2. Membership within predefined, special user groups.

If defining restrictions via user attributes, the scope of the restrictions is
isolated to the objects within the extension storing those attributes.

If defining restrictions via group membership, keep in mind that **restrictions
will only take effect if membership in the relevant group is defined by the
backend authenticating the user**. This means that if users will be
authenticating against LDAP, it is not sufficient to associate those users with
the applicable group within a database backend like MySQL or PostgreSQL; they
must be added to an LDAP group with the same name.

Forcing read-only access
------------------------

Forcing read-only access blocks interaction with all connections and connection
groups. Users will still be able to establish connections, but will not be able
to interact with those connections using the keyboard, mouse, clipboard, etc.

To force read-only access:

* Set the `addl-restrict-force-read-only` user attribute to `true`. If using
  an extension that supports administration, this may be done through the user
  edit screen.
* Declare that a specific group should force read-only access by listing that
  group's name within the `read-only-groups` property. Multiple groups may be
  listed, separated by commas.
